# PDF Backup List
# Original location | Blob URL

src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/pharmacology/thiazide-diuretics.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/pharmacology/thiazide-diuretics.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/pharmacology/doacs.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/pharmacology/doacs.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/pharmacology/loop-diuretics.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/pharmacology/loop-diuretics.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/pharmacology/heparin.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/pharmacology/heparin.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/pharmacology/potassium-sparing-diuretics.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/pharmacology/potassium-sparing-diuretics.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/murmurs/heart-sounds-murmurs-notes.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/murmurs/heart-sounds-murmurs-notes.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/general/reference/hypertension-notes.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/general/reference/hypertension-notes.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/pharmacology/calcium-channel-blockers.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/pharmacology/calcium-channel-blockers.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/pharmacology/alpha-blockers.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/pharmacology/alpha-blockers.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/ecg/ecg-interpretation-notes.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/ecg/ecg-interpretation-notes.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/general/reference/hyperlipidemia-notes.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/general/reference/hyperlipidemia-notes.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/pericardial/pericardial-diseases-notes.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/pericardial/pericardial-diseases-notes.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/arrhythmias/atrial-fibrillation-notes.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/arrhythmias/atrial-fibrillation-notes.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/valvular/valvular-heart-diseases-notes.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/valvular/valvular-heart-diseases-notes.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/acs/coronary-artery-disease-notes.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/acs/coronary-artery-disease-notes.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/heart-failure/cardiomyopathy-notes.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/heart-failure/cardiomyopathy-notes.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/pharmacology/beta-blockers.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/pharmacology/beta-blockers.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/heart-failure/congestive-heart-failure-notes.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/heart-failure/congestive-heart-failure-notes.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/valvular/peripheral-arterial-disease-notes.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/valvular/peripheral-arterial-disease-notes.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/pharmacology/vasopressors.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/pharmacology/vasopressors.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/arrhythmias/arrhythmias-notes.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/arrhythmias/arrhythmias-notes.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/arrhythmias/syncope-notes.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/arrhythmias/syncope-notes.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/shock/shock-notes-2.1.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/shock/shock-notes-2.1.pdf
src/assets/pdfs/cardiology/valvular/aortic-diseases-notes.pdf | https://cardiologysuitepub.blob.core.windows.net/edu-content/pdfs/cardiology/valvular/aortic-diseases-notes.pdf
